org/codejudge/android/helper/package-info.java
 org.codejudge.android.helper.package-info
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideRestaurantsServiceHttpClientFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideRestaurantsServiceHttpClientFactory
org/codejudge/android/di/AppViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.AppViewModelFactory_Factory
org/codejudge/android/helper/ConfigHelper.java
 org.codejudge.android.helper.ConfigHelper
org/codejudge/android/package-info.java
 org.codejudge.android.package-info
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideGenericOkHttpClientFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideGenericOkHttpClientFactory
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
org/codejudge/android/databinding/ActivityRestaurantsBinding.java
 org.codejudge.android.databinding.ActivityRestaurantsBinding
org/codejudge/android/di/AppModule_ProvideRestaurantRepositoryFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.AppModule_ProvideRestaurantRepositoryFactory
org/codejudge/android/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 org.codejudge.android.DataBindingTriggerClass
org/codejudge/android/BR.java
 org.codejudge.android.BR
org/codejudge/android/databinding/ActivityRestaurantsBindingImpl.java
 org.codejudge.android.databinding.ActivityRestaurantsBindingImpl
org/codejudge/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.codejudge.android.BuildConfig
org/codejudge/android/data/api/RestaurantsRepository_Factory.java
 org.codejudge.android.data.api.RestaurantsRepository_Factory
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideGsonFactory
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideRestaurantsAPIServiceFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideRestaurantsAPIServiceFactory
org/codejudge/android/databinding/RestaurantItemBinding.java
 org.codejudge.android.databinding.RestaurantItemBinding
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory
org/codejudge/android/restaurantslist/RestaurantsListViewModel_Factory.java
 org.codejudge.android.restaurantslist.RestaurantsListViewModel_Factory
org/codejudge/android/di/APIServiceModule_ProvideGsonConverterFactoryFactory.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.APIServiceModule_ProvideGsonConverterFactoryFactory
org/codejudge/android/restaurantslist/RestaurantsListActivity_MembersInjector.java
 org.codejudge.android.restaurantslist.RestaurantsListActivity_MembersInjector
org/codejudge/android/di/DaggerAppComponent.java
 org.codejudge.android.di.DaggerAppComponent
 org.codejudge.android.di.DaggerAppComponent$1
 org.codejudge.android.di.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
org/codejudge/android/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 org.codejudge.android.DataBinderMapperImpl
 org.codejudge.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 org.codejudge.android.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
org/codejudge/android/databinding/RestaurantItemBindingImpl.java
 org.codejudge.android.databinding.RestaurantItemBindingImpl
